You live it to shape?
And love to share it?
The're enfach only you
or?
What if there were more?
Your secret ingredient,
Your ticket to independence,
Your chance to be the boss?
Are you ready for this challenge?
Are you ready
to be #NotSponsored?
Take a look at the shirt on!
Most see a white T-shirt
with black lettering
But, look again more closely!
This shirt is #NotSponsored
And it is your lot to make millions!
You can also be a
Just twist a video
Add your added personal touch
And send the video out into the social network
With each sale of the T-shirts you get 10 €
And we take care of all the complicated stuff
from sales to delivery to
that you can just stay you be yourself
Are you ready?
Are you ready for this challenge?
Are you ready
to be #NotSponsored?